[ADD][18.0] delivery_carrier_picking_valid (#1021)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_carrier_picking_valid/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> Adds a helper methods to validate a picking against a carrier's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a technical module. It adds some helper methods to validate a transfer against a carrier's requirements.
```

To underline it is not a module usable as-is.
